# PEH 2021-01-18 Meeting Agenda

###### tags: `Error Handling` `Minutes`

- [2020-12-07 Meeting Minutes](https://github.com/rust-lang/project-error-handling/blob/master/meetings/2020-12-07.md)

## Action Items

- Figure out what metrics we get on the blog posts we publish (Jane Lusby)
- [[rust-lang/rfcs#2895]](https://github.com/rust-lang/rfcs/pull/2895) Update `object-provider` API in generic member access RFC to utilize new `dyno` design (Jane Lusby)
- [[rust-lang/rust#53487]](https://github.com/rust-lang/rust/issues/53487) Get this PR reviewed and ready to close, find someone to handle mentorship (Jane)
- [[rust-lang/rust#77384]](https://github.com/rust-lang/rust/pull/77384) Implement trait based proof of concept for `Backtrace` in `core` (Jane Lusby)
- [[rust-lang/project-error-handling#7]](https://github.com/rust-lang/project-error-handling/issues/7) reach out to the author of the error codes issue (Jane Lusby)
- [[rust-lang/rust#75180]](https://github.com/rust-lang/rust/pull/75180) Fix regressions caused by new impl error for `&'a E` change (Jakub Duchniewicz)
- [[rust-lang/rust#44838]](https://github.com/rust-lang/rust/issues/44838) Better assert implementation, dig more into AST to figure out steps forward (Charles Ellis O'Riley Jr.)
- [[rust-lang/rust#72981]](https://github.com/rust-lang/rust/pull/72981)
    - Resolve blockers in the backtrace stabilizition PR (Ashley Mannix)
    - Follow up with Amanieu to mark concerns on backtrace stabilization as resolved (Ashley Mannix)
    - Update backtrace PR to resolve merge conflicts (Jakub Duchniewicz)
    - https://github.com/rust-lang/rust/pull/79692 (Ashley Mannix)
    - [[error handling project group update blog]](https://hackmd.io/GMLcORX_R7W4de0ZryDIxg?view) solicit outside feedback on blog post and publish it (Sean Chen)

## Agenda Items

- Review action items from last meeting
- Review [Project Board](https://github.com/rust-lang/project-error-handling/projects/1) Issues

# Attendees

- Jane Lusby
- oliver
- Charles Ellis O'Riley Jr.
- Sean Chen
- Jakub Duchniewicz

# Meeting Minutes 

## Status Updates 
- Generic Member Access RFC [Jane]: No updates here
- Assert implementation [Charles]: No updates here 
- Regression cleanup [Jakub]: Blocked on an error in the `rust-sv` crate
- Updated `catch_unwind`'s documentation to refer to `resume_unwind`
- Implement `Try` for `ExitStatus` [scottmcm]: Blocked on the new `Try` trait RFC
- Termination trait [issue](https://github.com/rust-lang/rust/issues/43301#issuecomment-761900006) added to the project board
- Implementing `Display` and `Error::source` for library errors [issue](https://github.com/rust-lang/project-error-handling/issues/27) added

## Todos
- Look into the error in the `rust-sv` crate [Jane]
- Get in touch with the Infrastructure team in order to gather metrics on engagement around the PEH blog post
- Dig deeper into the Backtrace in core PR [oliver]
- Start drafting sections of the book [Jane and oliver]
- Set up a hack session around brainstorming/drafting for the Error book [Jane]
- Look into the Termination trait polishing [issue](https://github.com/rust-lang/rust/issues/43301#issuecomment-761900006): [Jakub]
