# PEH 2021-02-01 Meeting Agenda

###### tags: `Error Handling` `Minutes`

- Previous Meeting: [2021-01-18 Meeting Minutes](https://github.com/rust-lang/project-error-handling/blob/master/meetings/2021-01-18.md)
- Action Items: https://hackmd.io/@rust-libs/Hyj7kRSld

## Agenda Items

- Review action items from last meeting
- Individual Status Updates
- Review [Project Board](https://github.com/rust-lang/project-error-handling/projects/1) Issues
- https://github.com/rust-lang/rust/pull/80851
- https://github.com/rust-lang/rfcs/pull/3058

# Attendees
- Jane Lusby
- Sean Chen
- Charles Ellis O'Riley Jr.
- oliver
- Jakub Duchniewicz

# Meeting Minutes

- Action items have been moved into a separate [document][action-items-doc].
- [Fixing the error trait][fix-error-trait] seems to have fallen off the radar, perhaps because no one is available to lead it.
- No progress on addressing the error in `rust-sv`.
- No follow up on blog metrics.
- Adding Backtrace to `core` had lots of discussion (i.e. suggestions on implementation approaches), though no implementation progress yet.
- Discussion with the Libs team re. the `Error` trait led to a consensus that the primary role of the trait is for formatting, not downcasting; decided on a guidance for source vs. display.
- Green light on changes to make error formatting more consistent.
    - Adding a `panic_error` function similar to `panic_any` (though this might depend on moving the `Error` trait to `core`).
- No progress made on brainstorming topics for the `Error` book
    - Setup a Doodle to figure out what time works for those who are interested in attending a brainstorming session.
- [Termination trait][termination-trait] seems to be waiting on generic member access.
    - Also needs more design work re. how the final version of `Termination` should look.
- No progress on object provider.
- No follow up on error codes
    - Hold off on this until more progress has been made on the `Termination` trait.
- Drop the "better assert messages" issue since someone more knowledgable about it has decided to pick it up.
- [Backtrace frames][backtrace-frames] PR is ready to be merged.
- Progress made on the [2021 panic][2021-panic] implementation, though we aren't explicitly tracking this issue as it's being directly implemented by Mara on the Libs team.
- Proposal for an `Issue Triage` thread dedicated to sorting issues under the group's purview as soon as they're found.
    - Figure out how to use `@triagebot` to help stay on top of issues.


[action-items-doc]: https://hackmd.io/@rust-libs/Hyj7kRSld
[fix-error-trait]: https://github.com/rust-lang/rust/issues/53487
[termination-trait]: https://github.com/rust-lang/rust/issues/43301
[backtrace-frames]: https://github.com/rust-lang/rust/pull/81022
[2021-panic]: https://github.com/rust-lang/rust/pull/80851